NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH 5Ds"!
KALIN'S FLAME HAS
BEEN EXTINGUISHED.
HOW DISAPPOINTING.
PROFESSOR FUDO, IT SEEMS
THE THISTLE DOESN'T FALL
FAR FROM THE BRUSH.
DESTINY HAS MADE YOUR SON
A THORN IN MY SIDE.
COMMANDER,
THIS IS FAR ENOUGH.
I CAN TAKE
THINGS FROM HERE.
I THOUGHT YOU'D
FORGOTTEN THE PROMISE
YOU MADE.
I DON'T FORGET PROMISES,
BIG BROTHER.
I'VE DONE EVERYTHING
YOU ASKED ME TO DO.
I'VE STAYED IN CONTACT
WITH ILIASTER,
I'VE WATCHED THE STARS,
I BROUGHT
THE SIGNERS TOGETHER.
THE KING OF THE NETHERWORLD
WILL EMERGE,
READY TO FIGHT,
BUT YOUR SIGNERS,
YUSEI IN PARTICULAR,
THEY'RE TRYING
TO CLOSE THE GATE.
TO STOP DESTINY.
THE PUBLIC
SECURITY BUREAU?
TIME TO INVESTIGATE.
HA HA HA!
I'M GLAD YOU MADE IT.
I AM GONNA MAKE
YOU PAY FOR ALL
THE DAMAGE THAT
YOU'VE DONE!
THERE ARE INCREDIBLE
FORCES AT PLAY HERE, YUSEI,
WE HUMANS ARE JUST
THE MEANS TO AN END,
WE'RE NOT IMPORTANT.
I'VE GOT BAD NEWS
FOR YOU...
THE CRAZY STOPS
RIGHT HERE,
RIGHT NOW!
LET'S DUEL!
I NOW SUMMON
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL URU!
WHOA.
UNLEASH YOUR WEB
OF DESTRUCTION!
ATTACK!
I ACTIVATE MY
TRAP SPIRIT FORCE!
WITH THIS IN PLAY,
I CAN AVOID TAKING
ANY DAMAGE BY
DEFLECTING YOUR ATTACK,
AND AFTER THAT,
I CAN ADD
A REINFORCEMENT
TO MY HAND
FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
ACTUALLY... YOU WON'T
BE DOING ANY
OF THOSE THINGS.
WHAT?
WITH THE POWER
OF EARTHBOUND WAVE,
I CAN NEGATE
THE ACTIVATION AND EFFECT
OF ONE
OF YOUR TRAP CARDS.
OH, NO! AAH!
FIGHT BACK SO THAT
I CAN THROW YOU
TO THE SHADOWS JUST
LIKE I DID YOUR FATHER.
HA HA HA!
HA HA HA HA!
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
HUH. THIS MUSTA BEEN
THE REACTOR'S RESEARCH AREA.
HUH?
THAT LOOKS LIKE...
Roman: YUSEI FUDO!
WHAT ARE YOU
WAITING FOR?
HA HA HA!
ARE YOU TOO
SCARED TO DRAW?
IT'S UNDERSTANDABLE
IF YOU ARE,
AS I WOULD BE TOO,
IF HALF MY LIFE POINTS
DEPENDED ON WHAT KIND
OF CARD I PICKED.
I'M NOT SCARED!
WELL YOU SHOULD BE
SINCE YOU JUST DREW
A MONSTER CARD.
NOW BECAUSE OF THAT,
THE DESTINY ACTIVATOR SPELL
ACTIVATES AND ALL
BUT ENDS THIS DUEL!
HE'S BARELY HOLDING ON.
YUSEI!
HA HA HA!
DESTINY HAS YOU
IN ITS GRASP.
IT'S CRUSHING YOU.
HE LOOKS WEAK.
YOU DON'T THINK HE'S
GONNA GIVE UP, DO YOU?
THIS DUEL IS OVER.
IT'S NOT OVER 'TIL
THE LAST CARD IS PLAYED.
YOU TELL HIM!
DON'T BACK DOWN!
GET 'IM, KID!
I SUMMON ZERO GARDNA
IN DEFENSE MODE!
Computer: IF YOU CHOSE
TO SACRIFICE THE MONSTER CARD
ZERO GARDNA,
YOU WILL TAKE ZERO DAMAGE
FOR THE REST OF THIS TURN.
NEXT, I PLACE ONE
CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
IMPRESSIVE. YOU HAVE
THE WILL TO FIGHT
ON AFTER ALL.
I SUPPOSE YOU INHERITED
THAT STUBBORNNESS
FROM YOUR FATHER.
HOW FASCINATING THAT
AFTER SEVENTEEN YEARS,
THE SIGNER WHO'S COME
STUMBLING DOWN HERE,
HOPING TO DEFEAT ME IS
PROFESSOR FUDO'S SON.
AND YOU THINK DESTINY'S
NOT IN CONTROL.
THE ONLY DESTINY IS
THE ONE WE MAKE, ROMAN!
STRONG WORDS, YUSEI,
ESPECIALLY FOR SOMEONE
HANGING ON BY A THREAD,
BUT YOU'RE UP AGAINST
A FORCE WITH POWER
YOU CAN'T BEGIN
TO COMPREHEND.
A FORCE AWOKEN
BY YOUR FATHER.
IT'S TIME FOR YOU
TO LEARN THE TRUTH
ABOUT THE FORCE YOUR
FATHER'S WORK AWOKE.
TWENTY YEARS AGO,
DURING AN EXPERIMENT,
YOUR FATHER,
ALREADY AN EXPERT
IN QUANTUM PHYSICS,
DISCOVERED
PLANETARY PARTICLES.
"PLANETARY
PARTICLES?"
WHAT ARE THOSE?
Roman: LET ME EXPLAIN THIS
SO YOU'LL UNDERSTAND.
THESE PARTICLES ACT
LIKE PLANETARY GEARS,
BINDING OTHERWISE UNRELATED
PARTICLES TO ONE ANOTHER.
KIND OF LIKE HOW THE MARK
OF THE CRIMSON DRAGON
HAS UNITED YOU
AND YOUR LITTLE FRIENDS,
A PLANETARY PARTICLE
BRINGS OTHER UNLIKE
PARTICLES TOGETHER.
YOUR FATHER'S TEAM BEGAN
CONDUCTING EXPERIMENTS,
USING PLANETARY
PARTICLES TO BUILD
AND MANIPULATE GREATER
MOLECULAR STRUCTURES,
WHICH LED TO
THE DISCOVERY OF ENER-D,
AND THE CREATION
OF THE ENER-D REACTOR.
REX AND I JOINED
HIS TEAM AS
RESEARCH ASSISTANTS.
EVERYONE WAS EXCITED
ABOUT THE POSSIBILITIES
THE REACTOR
WAS PRESENTING.
ESPECIALLY YOUR FATHER.
HE COULDN'T CONTAIN
HIS ENTHUSIASM.
GENTLEMEN, IT'S WORKING,
AND THIS IS THE KEY.
Roman, voice-over:
THE RESEARCH WAS
PROCEEDING SMOOTHLY.
UNTIL THAT FATEFUL DAY.
WE WERE WORKING LATE
INTO THE EVENING.
[RUMBLING]
THAT DOESN'T
SOUND GOOD.
Goodwin: THOSE ENERGY
READINGS CAN'T BE
RIGHT, CAN THEY?
THERE'S NOTHING WRONG
WITH THE EQUIPMENT,
EVERYTHING'S WORKING.
Roman, voice-over:
WE COULDN'T COMPREHEND
WHAT WE WERE WITNESSING.
THE ONLY THING WE WERE
CERTAIN OF WAS THAT
THE ENER-D REACTOR SEEMED
TO BE CREATING
A STRANGE AND MAGNIFICENT
POWER THAT SCIENCE
COULDN'T DEFINE.
EVERY TIME WE CONDUCTED
A TEST, UNUSUAL WEATHER
DESCENDED
ON NEW DOMINO CITY.
ARE YOU SERIOUS,
PROFESSOR?!
YOU'RE SHUTTING
THE REACTOR DOWN?
I HAVE NO CHOICE.
WE CAN'T PINPOINT
THE CONNECTION
BETWEEN THE REACTOR
AND THESE RECENT
UNUSUAL OCCURRENCES.
IT'S...
WELL, YES, BUT...
THAT'S WHY WE HAVE
TO PRESS ON.
IT'S WHY WE
HAVE TO STOP.
WE CAN'T RISK SOMETHING
TERRIBLE HAPPENING,
WE CAN'T KNOWINGLY
PUT THE CITY IN DANGER
IN THE NAME OF PROGRESS.
Roman, voice-over:
I WASN'T HAPPY
TO SAY THE LEAST
SO I DID SOME INVESTIGATING,
AND DISCOVERED THAT
THERE WAS ANOTHER PART
OF THE WORLD
WHERE SIMILAR
WEATHER CONDITIONS
AND SEISMIC ANOMALIES
WERE HAPPENING
AT THE SAME TIME
AS OUR TESTS.
SO I JOURNEYED TO
THE NAZCA LANDS
TO FIND OUT AS MUCH
INFORMATION AS I COULD.
WHILE TRAVELLING AROUND,
I HEARD A LOCAL LEGEND...
ACCORDING TO THIS MYTH...
EVERY FIVE THOUSAND YEARS,
POWERFUL SPIRITS
RISE UP AND BATTLE
AT THE NAZCA LANDS.
THE NAZCA LINES WERE SAID
TO BE THE EVIL SPIRITS
SEALED AWAY,
DEFEATED BY
THE GREAT DRAGON
DURING THEIR LAST BATTLE.
I WAS SO CURIOUS,
SO I DROVE OUT TO SEE
THESE LINES FOR MYSELF.
IT WAS THERE
I MET A MAN,
A MAN FROM ILIASTER.
ILIASTER?
PROFESSOR GOODWIN,
RIGHT?
SHAME ABOUT THE REACTOR.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
PROFESSOR FUDO
JUST SHUT IT DOWN.
HOW DO YOU KNOW ABOUT
ME AND THE REACTOR?
YOU CAN'T TAKE IT,
CAN YOU?
YOU WANT DESPERATELY
TO CONTINUE
THE PARTICLE RESEARCH.
AM I WRONG?
THE RESEARCH MUST
CONTINUE, EVEN IF THAT
MEANS GETTING RID
OF PROFESSOR FUDO.
YOU BETTER EXPLAIN
YOURSELF, AND QUICK!
BEYOND THE REACTOR'S
LIGHT LIES
SOMETHING SPECIAL.
A POWER LIKE OUR WORLD
HAS NEVER KNOWN.
YOU'VE FELT IT,
HAVEN'T YOU?
WE AT ILIASTER BELIEVE
THAT YOU'RE
THE REAL VISIONARY, ROMAN,
THE ONE BRAVE ENOUGH
TO TURN THE PRESENT
INTO THE FUTURE.
YOU ARE SPECIAL,
ROMAN.
DESTINY HAS HAND-PICKED YOU,
YOU HAVE BEEN MARKED
FOR GREATNESS.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
YOU HAVE A MARK ON YOUR
LEFT ARM, DO YOU NOT?
I'VE HAD THIS MARK ON
MY ARM SINCE I WAS BORN.
THAT'S RIGHT.
DESTINY HAS
CHOSEN YOU, ROMAN.
AND NO ONE CAN HIDE FROM
THEIR DESTINY FOREVER.
[THINKING]
HUH? HE HAS THE MARK
OF THE DRAGON?
IS HE
THE FIFTH SIGNER?
WAIT! THIS LEGEND I'VE
BEEN HEARING ABOUT,
THIS EPIC BATTLE,
DOES IT HAVE
SOMETHING
TO DO WITH ME?
[GRUNTING]
IT JUST MIGHT.
ARE YOU STRONG ENOUGH
TO LISTEN TO THE VOICE
IN THE LIGHT?
IT WILL TELL YOU ALL
YOU NEED TO KNOW.
HEH HEH HEH!
WAIT!
DON'T LEAVE!
WHAT'S HE MEAN,
"THE VOICE IN THE LIGHT?"
Roman, voice-over:
AND THEN I HEARD IT.
IT WASN'T A VOICE LIKE
ME TALKING TO YOU,
IT WASN'T WORDS,
BUT THE LIGHT
WAS SPEAKING TO ME
NONETHELESS.
[GRUNTING]
AND THEN I SAW IT ALL,
AND I UNDERSTOOD...
THE ENER-D REACTOR WAS
DESTINY'S INSTRUMENT.
IT HAD THE POWER
TO BREAK THE SEALS
OF THE NAZCA LINES,
TO RELEASE THE ARMY
OF SHADOWS AND INSTIGATE
THE GREAT BATTLE.
HUH?
I WONDER WHAT'S INSIDE?
WHOA! REX GOODWIN!
WHAT'RE YOU
DOIN' HERE?
CROW.
WHAT'S GOIN' ON?!
I CAME TO SAY GOODBYE
TO SOMEONE,
TO MY... MY BROTHER.
WHEN WE WERE YOUNG,
EVERYONE KNEW MY BIG
BROTHER WAS A GENIUS.
I WAS ALWAYS VERY
PROUD OF HIM.
BUT IN ADDITION
TO HIS GENIUS,
MY BROTHER WAS BURDENED
WITH A GREAT DESTINY.
THIS ISSUE IS NOT
UP FOR DEBATE.
I AM SHUTTING
DOWN THE REACTOR.
Man: SORRY, PROFESSOR.
I'M AFRAID YOU NO LONGER
HAVE ANY AUTHORITY.
AS OF THIS MORNING,
YOU'VE BEEN EXPELLED
FROM THE R.R.D.
I'VE BEEN WHAT?!
WE'VE POURED WAY
TOO MUCH MONEY
INTO THE DEVELOPMENT
OF THIS REACTOR.
WE'RE NOT GOING TO
SIT BACK AND LET
YOU SHUT IT DOWN.
ROMAN GOODWIN WILL
BE TAKING OVER.
ROMAN, WHAT... WHAT'S
THE MEANING OF THIS?
THE R.R.D. NEEDS TO BE
LED BY SOMEONE
WITH THE COURAGE
TO MOVE FORWARD.
THE BOARD NOW FEELS
THAT I AM THAT PERSON.
I'VE ALREADY TAKEN
ACTION AND SHUT DOWN
THE GENERATOR TOWERS.
THE SEALS ARE ALREADY
IN PLACE, THEY...
WHEN YOU SAY SEALS,
ARE YOU TALKING
ABOUT THESE?
HOW DID YOU?
DON'T LET HIM ESCAPE!
TALK TO ME, SIR.
HOW CAN I HELP YOU?
REX, SHUT DOWN
THE REACTOR.
TAKE THESE AND HIDE
THEM FROM YOUR BROTHER.
THE SAFETY
OF THE WORLD DEPENDS ON IT.
ROMAN!
WHERE ARE YOU?!
THERE YOU ARE!
REX, DID YOU HELP
PROFESSOR FUDO ESCAPE?
HAVE YOU LOST YOUR MIND?
TAKE THIS!
TAKE THIS AND RUN!
HUH?
WHAT IS
IN THIS CAPSULE?
THE KEY TO
THE WORLD'S SURVIVAL.
GOOD AND EVIL WERE
BATTLING WITHIN ME,
BROTHER,
AND I CHOSE
THE PATH OF DARKNESS.
KEEP THE MARK
OF THE DRAGON SAFE.
GATHER THE FOUR SIGNERS,
THEN COME BACK
AND DEFEAT ME!
BROTHER.
GO!
FIND THE SIGNERS!
FIND THEM!
AND WITH THIS, I WILL BE
REBORN AS A DARK SIGNER.
AAAAAAAARG!!!
Computer: WARNING...
SYSTEM MALFUNCTION.
PLEASE FOLLOW
EVACUATION PROTOCOL.
WARNING...
SYSTEM MALFUNCTION...
DON'T WORRY.
YOU'LL BE SAFE,
MY SON.
PLEASE FOLLOW
EVACUATION PROTOCOL.
WARNING...
SYSTEM MALFUNCTION.
Roman: IT WAS AT
THAT MOMENT THE DOOR
TO THE UNDERWORLD OPENED.
AND I BECAME
A DARK SIGNER.
SO YOUR BROTHER
STARTED HEARING VOICES
AND THEN MADE
THE REACTOR SPIN
IN REVERSE?
I GUESS WITH FORCES
LIKE THAT AT WORK,
IT'S NO WONDER
THE LEGENDARY MAN
WHO TRIED TO BUILD
THE DAEDULUS BRIDGE
WASN'T SUCCESSFUL.
SO I TAKE IT YOU BELIEVE
THAT "LEGENDARY MAN"
REALLY EXISTED?
WELL, YEAH.
I MEAN, THE GUY IS
KINDA SORTA, MY HERO.
ONE DAY, I'M GONNA
RE-UNITE DOMINO CITY
AND SATELLITE.
YES, OF COURSE, AND THEN
YOU'RE GOING TO CHANGE
SOCIETY AND STOP CRIME
AND CURE DISEASES.
YOU KNOW I MIGHT BE
ABLE TO MAKE THAT
DREAM A REALITY.
BUT FIRST I NEED YOU
TO PASS ALONG A MESSAGE
TO YUSEI FOR ME.
IF HE DEFEATS
MY BROTHER,
TELL HIM
I'LL BE WAITING.
HOLD UP!
WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
WAITING WHERE?
YOU LIED TO ME,
ROMAN.
YOU SAID THAT
MY FATHER WAS GREEDY
AND THAT HE DIDN'T
CARE ABOUT
THE SAFEGUARDS.
OH, YUSEI, I SAID WHAT
I SAID BECAUSE
I WANTED TO UPSET YOU,
TO RATTLE YOU.
IN TRUTH, YOUR FATHER
WAS A SELF-RIGHTEOUS BORE
WHO COULDN'T
SEE THE MAGNIFICENCE
OF THE ENER-D REACTOR.
IN THE END, HE WAS
BLINDED BY FEAR.
JUST AS YOU WILL BE!
THIS IS IT... THE MOMENT
DESTINY HAS BEEN
PUSHING ME TOWARDS!
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL URU,
ATTACK YUSEI DIRECTLY!
NOT SO FAST, ROMAN!
BY RELEASING
ZERO GARDNA,
I CAN DEFLECT
YOUR ATTACK
AND AVOID TAKING
BATTLE DAMAGE.
SO YOU MANAGED TO
SURVIVE ANOTHER ATTACK.
HOW MUCH LONGER DO
YOU THINK YOU CAN
KEEP THIS UP?
WELL IF ROMAN
KEEPS ATTACKING,
NOT VERY LONG.
TRY TO STAY POSITIVE.
I DRAW!
AND PLAY
TWO FACEDOWNS.
[THINKING]
I JUST HOPE ONE
OF THEM CAN SAVE ME.
LOOKS LIKE IT'S
YOUR MOVE, ROMAN.
HE'S BETTING EVERYTHING
ON SOME TRAP CARDS?
I'VE GOT YOUR BACK
AGAINST THE WALL!
I'M CLOSING IN!
HEH HEH HEH!
AND THIS TRAP WILL CRUSH
WHAT LITTLE HOPE YOU HAD.
GO, EARTHBOUND WHIRLWIND!
WITH URU ON MY FIELD,
I CAN USE EARTHBOUND
WHIRLWIND
TO DESTROY EVERY SPELL
AND TRAP CARD ON YOUR FIELD.
I KNEW IT.
BY PLAYING THOSE FACEDOWNS,
HE'S LEFT HIMSELF
WIDE OPEN.
I HOPED YOU'D
TRY THIS!
I ACTIVATE
STARLIGHT ROAD!
SINCE TWO OF MY CARDS
ARE ABOUT TO BE
DESTROYED,
MY TRAP CAN DEFLECT
THE SPELL!
AND NOW I CAN USE
MY STARDUST ROAD
TO PAVE THE WAY
FOR A SUMMONING!
I GIVE YOU...
STARDUST DRAGON!
[ROARS]
HE DID IT!
AND YOU GUYS WERE BEING
ALL NEGATIVE AND STUFF,
BUT I KNEW HE
COULD DO IT!
SO YOU MANAGED TO
SUMMON YOUR LIZARD.
TOO LITTLE, TOO LATE.
WE'LL SEE
ABOUT THAT.
HUH?
I TRIGGER
THE SHOOTING STAR TRAP!
WITH STARDUST DRAGON
ON THE FIELD,
SHOOTING STAR
CAN DESTROY ONE
OF YOUR CARDS.
LET'S SEE WHAT YOU
CAN DO WITHOUT
YOUR SPIDER WEB FIELD
SPELL IN PLAY!
ACTUALLY, LET'S NOT!
I ACTIVATE
ANTI EMPTINESS!
WITH THIS CARD IN PLAY
IF I DROP ONE OF MY
MONSTERS' ATTACK POINTS
TO ZERO I CAN STOP
THE EFFECT OF YOUR TRAP.
AND WITH THAT,
I END MY TURN.
BUT NOT BEFORE MY
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL GETS
ALL OF ITS ATTACK
POINTS BACK!
NOT BAD, ROMAN,
BUT LET'S SEE IF YOU
CAN COUNTER MY BATTLE
WALTZ SPELL CARD!
CAUSE WITH THIS IN PLAY,
I GET A WALTZ TOKEN
WHICH CAN
DUPLICATE MY DRAGON!
YOU DO KNOW THAT
YOU CAN'T ATTACK
AN EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL,
DON'T YOU?
THANKS, BUT I WASN'T
PLANNING ON IT.
I'M ATTACKING YOU!
GO, COSMIC FLARE!
DID YOU FORGET THAT
I HAVE A TRAP CARD?
I PLAY ROAR
OF THE EARTHBOUND!
AND SINCE YOUR DRAGON'S
WEAKER THAN MY URU,
NOT ONLY DOES YOUR BEAST
GET DESTROYED
BUT YOUR LIFE POINTS GET
OBLITERATED AS WELL!
THIS DUEL IS OVER!
NOTHING IS OVER
UNTIL I SAY IT IS!
I RELEASE MY STARDUST
DRAGON IN ORDER KEEP
MY LIFE POINTS SAFE FROM
THE EFFECT OF YOUR TRAP!
NOW ITS TIME FOR DRAGON
NUMBER TWO TO ATTACK!
THIS IS GONNA
WIN IT!
NOT JUST YET!
I ACTIVATE THE TRAP
BRILLIANT SHRINE ART!
NOW MY IMMORTAL CAN
INTERCEPT YOUR ATTACK
AND DESTROY YOUR
DUPLICATE DRAGON!
MY EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL'S
GOING TO DESTROY YOUR
DRAGON AND THEN YOU!
THIS IS DESTINY'S HOUR,
YUSEI, BUT DON'T BE
TOO DISCOURAGED.
YOU'VE DONE WHAT YOU
WERE SUPPOSED TO,
YOU'VE PLAYED A VERY
PIVOTAL ROLE IN THIS
INCREDIBLE STORY.
HUH?
I KNOW YOU THOUGHT
IT WAS OVER
AND THAT YOUR
BIG MOMENT WAS COMING,
BUT UNFORTUNATELY,
I DON'T TAKE DAMAGE
WHEN MY DUPLICATE DRAGON
IS DESTROYED.
WHAT?!
AND NOT ONLY THAT ROMAN,
BUT YOUR EARTHBOUND
IMMORTAL'S POWER
IS ABOUT TO TAKE A HIT
BECAUSE OF MY TOKEN'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
ROMAN, I'VE
LISTENED TO YOU GO
ON LONG ENOUGH.
YOU DO TERRIBLE THINGS,
THEN YOU SAY IT'S ALL
JUST DESTINY'S WILL.
WELL, I'VE GOT SOME
VERY BAD NEWS
FOR YOU, ROMAN...
THERE IS NO SUCH
THING AS DESTINY,
THERE'S ONLY WHAT YOU DO
AND WHAT YOU DON'T DO.
BUT LISTEN, I UNDERSTAND
THAT LIFE IS
A LONG SERIES
OF CHAIN REACTIONS.
IF MY FATHER HAD
NEVER DISCOVERED
THOSE PLANETARY
PARTICLE THINGS,
THEN ZERO REVERSE NEVER
WOULD'VE HAPPENED.
SATELLITE WOULD STILL
BE PART OF DOMINO CITY.
MY FRIENDS LIKE CROW
AND JACK WOULDN'T HAVE
HAD TO GROW UP ALONE
ON THE STREETS.
BUT MY DAD WAS MY DAD,
HE WASN'T SOME
COSMIC CHESS PIECE.
AND AS FOR MY FRIENDS
AND ALL THE BAD STUFF
THEY'VE HAD TO GO
THROUGH,
DON'T TELL ME
THAT'S FATE!
EVERYTHING HAPPENED
'CAUSE IT WAS MEANT TO!
YUSEI.
THAT'S A LIE!
IT HAPPENED
BECAUSE OF YOU
AND CHOICES
YOU MADE!
IF ONLY YOU COULD KNEW
HOW WRONG YOU ARE.
Crow: DON'T LISTEN TO
THAT WINGNUT, YUSEI!
CROW.
HE'S KIDDING
HIMSELF.
YA' THINK SO?
I KNOW SO.
I HEARD WHAT YOU
JUST SAID ABOUT
YOUR DAD, MAN,
AND YOU'RE RIGHT...
IT WASN'T HIS FAULT.
THERE'S NO WAY
HE COULDA KNOWN
ROMAN WAS GONNA
DO WHAT HE DID.
I GUESS SO.
LOOK AT IT THIS WAY...
IF ZERO REVERSE
HAD NEVER HAPPENED,
YOU AND ME
AND ALL THE OTHERS
MIGHT NOT'VE MET UP
AND BECOME BEST FRIENDS.
GOOD THINGS LEAD
TO BAD THINGS
LEADING TO MORE
GOOD THINGS,
AND THAT'S JUST LIFE!
AND AT THE END
OF THE DAY...
WE ALL HAVE CHOICES.
WE AREN'T "DESTINED"
TO MAKE THEM.
THIS GUY'S JUST
USING DESTINY AS
AN EXCUSE TO BE A JERK.
OR WHO KNOWS... MAYBE
IT WAS MY DESTINY
TO SAY THAT.
BUT EITHER WAY...
FINISH THIS GUY,
WOULD YA?!
I'M ON IT.
YA KNOW WHAT...
ALL THAT REALLY MATTERS
IS THAT WE LISTEN
TO OURSELVES.
AND THAT WE DO WHAT
WE THINK IS RIGHT.
MAYBE THERE IS DESTINY.
BUT IF THAT'S THE CASE,
THEN YOU WERE
DESTINED TO FAIL.
I REVEAL MY LAST
TRAP CARD...
STARDUST FLASH!
IF I WILLINGLY RELEASE
STARDUST DRAGON,
I CAN USE THIS TRAP CARD
TO SUMMON IT BACK
FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
YOU CAN BRING THAT
BEAST BACK AGAIN?
THAT'S RIGHT ROMAN,
AND NOW HE'S GOING TO
ATTACK WITH
COSMIC FLARE!
HA HA HA!
HUH?
YOU REALLY THINK
IT'S OVER, DON'T YOU?
WELL UNLESS YOU SEAL ALL
THE TOWERS BY SUNSET,
THE KING
OF THE NETHERWORLD
WILL RESURRECT!
UNH! AAH!
GRAB THE WIRE!
YUSEI!
AAH!
HOME SWEET HOME.
I SENSE THAT YUSEI HAS
WON HIS SHADOW DUEL.
TOO BAD, DEAR BROTHER,
BUT THEN YOU'VE ALWAYS SAID
THAT YOUR LIFE
WAS INSIGNIFICANT,
THAT THERE WERE
GREATER FORCES AT PLAY,
AND MAYBE YOU WERE RIGHT,
MAYBE WE'RE ALL
JUST PAWNS IN DESTINY'S GAME,
BUT IF THAT IS THE CASE,
THEN I SAY IT'S TIME
TO CHANGE THE RULES.